So we have put together the five repositories, that means then we can use that in our home screen view
model.
How exciting.
OK, let's do this.
Well, first of all, let's go and add this like that looks like have formatting, I should say.
Well, OK, let's just put it in the line.
And that's fine.
OK.
So I'm going to create a variable here called data, and it's going to be mutable and aware of what
data or exception.
But that's the one we were wrapping it with list in this case and book.
OK.
It's important that, of course.
Very nice.
And say, bullion hopes, bullion and exception.
OK, I'm going to set that initialize that with mutable state.
State of.
And it's going to be data work exception.
And just say list of initialise to true.
Yes, it's loading and exceptions is going to pass exception and pass in its constructor is just nothing.
All right.
A lot of work for.
What seems to be nothing but salad, right then here I'm going to put any neat blocks as you notice,
it's the same thing we've done before.
So by now, we should see the logic here once they get all books just because they want to get all books
from database.
And let's go ahead and create this puppy.
All right, there we go.
It seems to be private.
That's totally fine.
And so what are we going to do here?
Well, you guessed it, we inside of your model.
I'm going to say view, model, scope and launch this beautiful puppy again seems to talk about I seem
to talk about puppies, right?
Maybe it's because my daughter will want puppies one day.
All right, there we go.
I'm going to say data.
Then certain things happen that value in this case.
Loading I'm going to set that true.
So yep, indeed we are loading.
And then, of course, I'm going to get the data.
That's it.
Data that value and the actual data, which is a list of and books.
Beautiful, actually, I can just say value like this and said this repository don't get all books from
database like that because I know this will return the correct type that we want.
OK.
And I can put an if statement here and say if data
value by data is null or empty, if that's not true because we have their exclamation point and then
in the case of missing data that value that Loading said it to false because we know that we have data.
So just say it false.
No more loading this case, let's say a log d, just so we know that we're getting something, I'm going
to say data that value.
Data and to list and to strength just so we can see.
And I say, get right, there we go.
That's all for our home screen there, the admiral.
What do we do next?
Well, before we move forward, let's go and set things up first in our navigation, right?
Because remember, we need to instantiate that view model as we did before.
OK.
So you will see that our home screen.
This home here doesn't have anything at this point.
It's just a simple home, but it no longer is the case because we need yes, we need a few model.
So Val and I see home view model.
Let's say hilt view model, and I'm going to pass the type which is going to be our home screen view
Model S section.
And now I'm going to have to pass that around.
See if you model said that to home view model.
Now, of course, is going to complain because our home Vermonter doesn't have that.
So I'm going to create.
That parameter in our home view model.
So refactor and it's fine.
And if I go to home screen, we should see that we have now a few model section.
And as you know, I'm going to just say sequel to hilt.
If you model like this, by the way, you can say hilt view model or you can actually also say this
like this, you can just say view model like this.
I think that should work.
Also, let me just try a little quick here.
View.
Model like this.
It adds this annotation, which is a little bit confusing, but should be OK.
OK, so I'll just keep a here to view model as well.
All right.
So that means then we can use it.
I'm going to pass it along or a few model like this in our own content.
And here we have these books that we added before.
So I'm going to change a few things here.
Let's, uh, just calling this out.
I'm going to use the same vowel.
List of books.
First, I'm going to make this just an empty list.
Of M book types like this.
OK.
And so also, we will need current users, this current current user as such.
Let's say Firebase.
That get instance, get current user.
We'll see that later.
OK, I'm going to check for a few model when I passing a few model, that is the problem.
OK.
Let's see if you model like this.
All right, there you go.
OK, so now we have a few models so we can say you model.
That data.
I value.
That data is no more empty.
I'm going to say negate this.
That's the case, then I'm going to say a list of books.
When I said that to, of course, if you model that data that file you in when I said that to.
That data, if you want data that value that data again and then said that to list I so it right through
like that.
And then here's what I'm going to do.
I'm going to filter through all of the list.
I'm going to say like this to wrap it and say that filter.
Look at that, that lambda when it passed the predicate there, there.
So we have it, which is the book, in fact and C book.
Like this or an ebook reader?
Very clever.
And what I'm going to do here, well, I'm going to test or check if book this book, I should say and
book that User ID is equal to current user that we said that you are ID.
Like this to string.
If that's true.
Let's go ahead and do that.
Well, if that's true, then this list of books looks like it was.
Yeah, there we go.
We've asserted everything looks like we don't need that.
We don't need that either.
OK, we're going to filter through our list of books coming in, and we're going to check to see if
the I.D. user ID for each book because this is going to be the place where all books will lend.
Right.
We're going to save all the books.
That's the reason why we added attached user I.D. of the person that added the book.
If the user ID is equal to the current user I.D., then we know that this is a good book, right?
This is the book belonged to this person.
That's a good thing.
Now we have a problem here because we need to change this too far because we're changing that, right?
That's fine.
So we're filtering the books by the current logged in user and this point.
Let's see, I'm going to just see log de books, the list of books.
To swing like this.
Let's see if this works.
And while this is exciting.
Look at this.
Look what happens now.
We should have three books in all of these sections their categories, right?
And we still have the same image because remember, we haven't done anything inside of our column or
inside of our actual book.
All right.
It's OK.
But you can see now we have, for instance, the baking chai running and flatter.
So we're getting all the books pertaining to this user.
Wonderful, isn't it?
And also, if I click on any one of these books, each one of these books, you can see it actually
show in our log here.
This is what we've done before that information about the book.
Look at that.
OK, so it's working right?
We're getting the books from our from our database here.
If I were to delete one of these books, delete, document and delete that one, it's OK to go back.
Let's run this, which you see now should only see two books per category.
And voila!
Look at this.
Just two books.
All right.
So this is working.
That means we're getting the books from our forest store database.
So now what do we need to do is, well, we need to be able to do a few other things which, first of
all, will have to go and change, of course, at the correct image because we have the object to book
object now so we can just go ahead and get the image, the book picture.
And I think that's all for that.
That part, at least.
OK, so we'll continue next.